README.md, before:

## Cybersecurity And Privacy Open Reference Datasets IN Oscal (CAPORDINO)

Development of tooling to allow conversion of datasets managed by the [Cybersecurity and Privacy Reference Tool (CPRT)](https://csrc.nist.gov/projects/cprt) into [OSCAL](https://www.nist.gov/OSCAL) formats. 

Currently, the command line tool supports creating CSF 2.0 catalog. 

### Building
The tool requires [Apache Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) version 3.9 or greater.

#### Instructions on installing Maven

1. Check if JDK 8 or above is installed (requirement for Maven 3.9+)
```bash
java --version
```
2. If necessary, download the latest [JDK](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/) for your operating system.

3. Follow these [instructions](https://maven.apache.org/install.html) to install Maven.

#### Instructions on installing Capordino tool
1. Clone the git repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/usnistgov/capordino.git
cd capordino/
```

2. Use Maven to install dependencies and build
```bash
mvn install
```

3. A shell script `capordino.sh` is provided to simplify running the Capordino tool. Change file permissions to make it executable.
```bash
chmod u+x capordino.sh
```

### Running Capordino CLI

#### Basic template to run capordino.sh
Use --help to see the available options.
`./capordino.sh --help`
```
Usage: capordino [-hV] [-o=<output_directory>] <framework version identifier>
      <framework version identifier>
                  Framework version identifier to build catalog for, REQUIRED
  -h, --help      Show this help message and exit.
  -o, --output-directory=<output_directory>
                  Directory for capordino tool output (built catalog), default
                    is "src/test/resources"
  -V, --version   Print version information and exit.
```

```bash
./capordino.sh -o "src/test/resources" "CSF_2_0_0"
```

#### Output
The built catalog is written to specified directory or "src/test/resources" by default.

Commit message:

Added containers section to README

README.md, after:

## Cybersecurity And Privacy Open Reference Datasets IN Oscal (CAPORDINO)

Development of tooling to allow conversion of datasets managed by the [Cybersecurity and Privacy Reference Tool (CPRT)](https://csrc.nist.gov/projects/cprt) into [OSCAL](https://www.nist.gov/OSCAL) formats. 

Currently, the command line tool supports generating CSF 2.0 catalog. 

### Building
#### Clone the git repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/usnistgov/capordino.git
cd capordino/
```

#### Container environment
If you would like to develop/run this tool in a Docker container (easier management of dependencies), follow these steps. Otherwise, skip to [Installing Maven](#installing-maven).
* Install [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/)
* Install [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) and its Dev Containers extension 
* Press F1 to open Command Palette - Dev Containers: Open Folder in Container
* Choose your cloned capordino repository
* Open a new Terminal within Visual Studio Code
* All subsequent commands should be run in this terminal


#### Installing Maven
The tool requires [Apache Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) version 3.9 or greater.
1. Check if JDK 8 or above is installed (requirement for Maven 3.9+)
```bash
java --version
```
2. If necessary, download the latest [JDK](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/) for your operating system.

3. Follow these [instructions](https://maven.apache.org/install.html) to install Maven.

#### Installing Capordino
1. Use Maven to install dependencies and build
```bash
mvn install
```

2. A shell script `capordino.sh` is provided to simplify running the Capordino tool. Change file permissions to make it executable.
```bash
chmod u+x capordino.sh
```

### Running Capordino CLI

#### Basic template to run capordino.sh
Use --help to see the available options.
`./capordino.sh --help`
```
Usage: capordino [-hV] [-o=<output_directory>] <framework version identifier>
      <framework version identifier>
                  Framework version identifier to build catalog for, REQUIRED
  -h, --help      Show this help message and exit.
  -o, --output-directory=<output_directory>
                  Directory for capordino tool output (built catalog), default
                    is "src/test/resources"
  -V, --version   Print version information and exit.
```

```bash
./capordino.sh -o "src/test/resources" "CSF_2_0_0"
```

#### Output
The built catalog is written to specified directory or "src/test/resources" by default.
